fix: mongo ifthenelse raise an error if formula is invalid (TCTC-9982) (#2369)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: I think we can use `Changed` here as it's breaking

> - Mongo: the `ifthenelse` step does not fallback on a string value if the formula is invalid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Mongo: the `ifthenelse` step should let the syntax error through if the formula is invalid.
```

> - Mongo: the `ifthenelse` step does not fallback on a string value if the formula is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mongo: the `ifthenelse` step now raises an error rather than falling back on a string if `then` is not a valid formula
```
